README.md, before:

# texrack [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/PerfectlyNormal/texrack.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/PerfectlyNormal/texrack)

Simple Rack middleware to render LaTeX to PNGs on the fly.

## Requirements

* `pdflatex` must be installed
* `convert` (from ImageMagick) must be installed

## Configuration

If "pdflatex" or "convert" is not available in `PATH`, you can change
`Texrack.config` and specify where to find them.

If you want a custom logger, set `Texrack.config[:logger]` to anything
responding to `#warn`, `#debug`, `#info` and so on.
For example `Rails.logger` if mounting inside a Rails application.

The default configuration is
```ruby
Texrack.config = {
  pdflatex: "pdflatex",
  convert:  "convert",
  logger:   nil,
  cache_dir: Dir.mktmpdir
}
```

## Usage

Either POST or GET to the configured URL with `data` set to the LaTeX source to
compile.

If you `GET /` without setting `data`, you get a simple form.

### Display mode
Everything is rendered inside a displaymath block (`\[` or `$$`) by default.
To disable the displaymath block, pass `math=0`.

### Packages
The only included package is `amsmath`.
To add more, send a pipe-separated string as `packages`.
Arguments can be prepended.

For example: `packages="[usenames,dvipsnames,svgnames,table]xcolor|amssymb"`
turns into
```latex
\usepackage[usenames,dvipsnames,svgnames,table]{xcolor}
\usepackage{amssymb}
```

### Always respond with 200 OK
If you are dealing with software incapable of proper status codes (looking at
you, Flash), you can pass `always_200=1` and it'll respond with 200 OK even
though we should really respond with a 5xx.

### Caching
Generated images are cached by default, so we don't have to shell out to
pdflatex and imagemagick all the time. Configure `cache_dir` to store the
files somewhere safe, otherwise a tempdir is created and used.

The application sends ETags for each generated image.

Commit message:

Respond to requests for crossdomain.xml

README.md, after:

# texrack [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/PerfectlyNormal/texrack.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/PerfectlyNormal/texrack)

Simple Rack middleware to render LaTeX to PNGs on the fly.

## Requirements

* `pdflatex` must be installed
* `convert` (from ImageMagick) must be installed

## Configuration

If "pdflatex" or "convert" is not available in `PATH`, you can change
`Texrack.config` and specify where to find them.

If you want a custom logger, set `Texrack.config[:logger]` to anything
responding to `#warn`, `#debug`, `#info` and so on.
For example `Rails.logger` if mounting inside a Rails application.

The default configuration is
```ruby
Texrack.config = {
  pdflatex: "pdflatex",
  convert:  "convert",
  logger:   nil,
  cache_dir: Dir.mktmpdir,
  allowed_domains: ['*.example.com']
}
```

## Usage

Either POST or GET to the configured URL with `data` set to the LaTeX source to
compile.

If you `GET /` without setting `data`, you get a simple form.

### Display mode
Everything is rendered inside a displaymath block (`\[` or `$$`) by default.
To disable the displaymath block, pass `math=0`.

### Packages
The only included package is `amsmath`.
To add more, send a pipe-separated string as `packages`.
Arguments can be prepended.

For example: `packages="[usenames,dvipsnames,svgnames,table]xcolor|amssymb"`
turns into
```latex
\usepackage[usenames,dvipsnames,svgnames,table]{xcolor}
\usepackage{amssymb}
```

### Always respond with 200 OK
If you are dealing with software incapable of proper status codes (looking at
you, Flash), you can pass `always_200=1` and it'll respond with 200 OK even
though we should really respond with a 5xx.

### crossdomain.xml
If TexRack is used from Flash, and hosted on a different domain, you might need a crossdomain.xml file.
Set `Texrack.config[:allowed_domains]` to an array of domains that should be allowed access.

Example:
`allowed_domains: ['*.example.com']`

### Caching
Generated images are cached by default, so we don't have to shell out to
pdflatex and imagemagick all the time. Configure `cache_dir` to store the
files somewhere safe, otherwise a tempdir is created and used.

The application sends ETags for each generated image.
